Hi.
Hi, Boyle.
Boyan.
What?
Bye.
All right.
So, um, where shall we start?
One second, OK.
Yeah, I can,
I can probably just start just the
discussion around the whole topic,
like we are like the use cases Max you
gave us, I think it was on Wednesday,
like we investigated them,
I've checked one of them now,
we are no longer able to create
duplicates for the for the legs, this.
This will no longer be reproducible.
This is like now prohibited on on a
database level,
so you won't be seeing any more similar
legs in the in the database,
like I mean legs for the same shipment.
Yeah.
Also,
when we discussed about the topic which
you showed.
Case me the other the other use case I
can share my screen. For example,
when you when you assign just quickly
here when you assign a leg,
it's the wrong screen of course,
from new GSPO and then you switch the.
The traffic mode.
Basically, like I, we had an issue there,
we fixed the issue basically. Now,
for example,
if you switch from traffic mode 4 to
traffic mode three,
what new dispute does basically is it
creates the HR Lake.
I can showcase this as well,
but what it will do,
it will create the HR Lake.
What I observed,
which I don't think is the correct
behavior, is that in TMS database,
the old leg stays assigned. For example,
like I no longer have a VO leg,
but it appears from TMS that it's already
assigned. So this morning,
we had a discussion with Joachim.
about this behavior.
And he said that this is something which
is not implemented from TMS database
point of view. And basically,
like he thinks that it should not be
possible to switch between traffic modes
which cause the leg type to change.
And because this was a contradiction to
what we discussed.
on Wednesday,
this is why I wanted to ask you basically,
like, is this a valid use case?
For example,
is it a valid use case if I have a
shipment assigned from you, and I go,
let's say, in the OTMS system,
and I switch the traffic mode to such
that changes the actual.
Pick up leg type.
Basically,
the switch not between 2:00 and 4:00,
Bye.
this would still be possible,
and this would be OK,
but the switch between 2:00 or 4:00
towards one or three.
Or vice versa.
Yep.
Well, basically,
we gone through these topics because
there were things happening in the new
desktop app that didn't seem right.
That's what we started to discuss.
So basically,
if you go through this topic,
it's exactly what we have to discuss.
how it should be displayed properly,
because currently we are able to do these
changes and the new Diskboard app shows
things that aren't correct.
That's basically the topic where we
stumbled upon. So if you, for example,
have a...
planned transport order with a leg on it.
And it's, for example,
Mhm.
here with the traffic mode 4,
and I'll change it to, let's say, one,
it is allowed to do that.
And what will happen in the new dispo is
not correct.
So somebody has to react to this.
And somebody had to discuss this in the
past that this shouldn't happen on either
the new dispo deletes the lake in the new
I.
dispo and it is sent back to the open and
replan shipments or something else should
happen.
But you cannot just let it stay as it is.
That's what I tried to discuss with you.
Jesus.
Yeah,
this is this is why I reached this
morning to Joachim just to discuss
exactly this topic with you,
because it appears here that it's
possible, right?
You can do it from the from the old TMS
system,
but he says that this is like a book in
the TMS system and it should not here,
there he is.
Thanks for joining.
Are you welcome? Yeah.
Yeah, my.
Hi, what is I mean?
Hi.
Yeah, Joachim,
I was basically just telling about the
conversation we had this morning about
this switching of traffic modes of
assigned shipments and that in your
opinion it should not be possible to do
this once the shipment is assigned.
And that this is something which should
be implemented like in the in the
database.
not to be able to change traffic mode if
it's assigned to a transport order.
Exactly, yeah.
Mm.
Okay,
would be this suggestion is also
implemented, I think, for long haul.
If.
Ohh.
Well, basically,
maybe to get maybe a discussion we had a
long time ago,
since we actually in the future,
we'll be able to plan preliminary
shipments and we are planning these
shipments in for the pickup situation and
there are certain consolations.
I assume that not.
Finally, have been written down,
or we have to get back our documents is
basically.
Since I am planning a pickup and it's in
a pickup state and it's a preliminary
shipment, I would,
I'm not quite sure how fast we can
implement it,
but I would assume the system should
react is that even if
I change a traffic mode that not yet has
been communicated to the customer and is
a preliminary shipment is able to be
changed only if it changes the state for
a certain status that it has been
communicated, then it should be blocked.
because we are in a communication state
and not like we are in the current state
Right.
today with the long haul,
that if I plan a shipment on a long haul
transport order, yes,
we block the traffic mode because we say
this planning state has to be kept.
But just to get things up and running,
Yeah,
I'm not quite sure what the easiest way
is to do this topic and to solve it.
But I believe it is too complicated and
too difficult to implement what I tried
to tell you that since we all have a,
we all plan preliminary shipments and
preliminary shipments and if they're not
communicated to the customer,
and they are on a drive instructions,
a traffic mode can be changed.
If it's logical,
there are certain scenarios we can go
through,
then I would expect that the drive
instructions would change the tour points
automatically and I can then just stay
Working within this schema, but...
If you say it is necessary to keep
everything in state as it is,
then my suggestion would be for the
starting phase,
if we register that a shipment,
nevertheless,
if it's preliminary or final is on drive
instructions,
then the state needs to be blocked.
And the only way to undo it is to delete
the shipment from the drive instructions
and then plan it again.
I think that is also that what we
discussed a long time ago.
So the question is,
what needs to be done.
By just to confirm, by delete,
you mean on the signing it from the
transport order, right?
That would be my suggestion for the start,
but I think Joachim can give his point of
view what would be the best to do.
And.
This solution would mean that on TMS side,
nothing is to do for the CDC data
exchange or information flow means
There's a traffic mode change and the
transport on all transport orders that
are...
Involved in this change have to be
changed by a new dispo.
Correct. Anna.
So, sorry, what?
It it sounds a little bit like this.
No, my.
I think that is also what we discussed to
that time when we started the project,
that we start with that. And so therefore,
I also agree with you,
there shouldn't be any changes on your
side.
But Joachim,
we discussed that this change is allowed
from the OTMS system and we're just
reacting to it. I mean, from new dispo,
there is no possible way to add the
traffic mode.
New dispo does not allow switching of the
traffic mode. We are reacting to a change.
Yeah, okay.
It's not the problem of switching the
traffic mode for someone decides to
switch the traffic mode,
maybe OMS or someone else,
and their leg is already planned.
It's only planned,
so it should be possible to undo the
Yeah, but...
planning and replan the new situation.
I mean, currently,
we are allowing this from point of view.
I mean,
if you change the traffic mode we create,
then you like, if it's a different type,
we also create an HR leg,
but what I have showcased you this
morning, I can showcase as well,
just right now. OK,
so now we have this shipment created.
I just let me show what is happening,
so we are on the same page.
Okay, I find it 27, here is 27 once again,
right? It's 4 to 7, here it is 4 to 7.
So let's go and plan this shipment here.
I don't have any tour points right now.
Let's go and just add it here.
It's A VOlet, because you can see, right?
Okay, so it's blunt here.
It says traffic mode 4.
So let's switch it to traffic mode one or
three,
which requires the other type of the leg.
So for example, let's...
Let's just go here.
And let me just cheque my schema to which
status I had to change it.
No, just put no,
no pre cabbage or two thirty-four.
The 34, yeah, exactly, 34. Let's do 34.
But do it with the pre-carriage. No, no,
do it with the pre-carriage. Yeah,
just press it.